welcome back this is chapter six over
transformers fall of Cybertron and this
is audio log one of five for this level
so pretty much for either beginning the
level we're gonna go for a a tube tunnel
II hole here for another one at the
bottom there and this is where you'll
find at the first audio look for the
second audio log like thirty seconds
later you'll be going for your like a
field of lasers and little bits and
pieces and you'll have to go interest on
where the target marker is there this is
where you actually need to go to for
part of the objective and the second or
dialogue is just to my right on the
ground well this is for the blueprint
one you can see it straight in front of
us you'll know when you get to this area
here you'll drop down you'll get learn
how to use your shockwave ability with
right bumper and that is where the first
and only blueprint of this level will be
just after this we've also got the audio
log so after the blueprint you drop down
underneath the bridge and you'll see it
there I've done it from the beginning of
the level so you guys knew where I was
we were gonna drop off the side and this
is where you'll find audio log three of
five
for the four for dialogue you come to
this part you have to pull that switch
there to open these big doors down the
bottom there beefy guy there are few
bots to kill but when you come in before
you plant the explosive device turn to
riot and just inside is where we'll find
audio look for for the final audio log
you get to this part here where you go
onto a platform and you drop down and
then when you come out at the bottom you
want to turn to your left this is the
normal path for you to be following in
order to finish the mission anyway but
you'll see the audio log on the ground
just to our left so thanks for watching
guys I'll see you in Chapter seven